1296258670
Account	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/account.rb	class Account 
AccountScoped	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/account_scoped.rb	class AccountScoped 
AccountsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	class AccountsController 
AddCommentsToDoctor	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103012204_add_comments_to_doctor.rb	class AddCommentsToDoctor 
AddInfoToMaterial	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103011746_add_info_to_material.rb	class AddInfoToMaterial 
AddInstitutionFields	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119014509_add_institution_fields.rb	class AddInstitutionFields 
AddQuantityRequestToVisitDetail	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110122172902_add_quantity_request_to_visit_detail.rb	class AddQuantityRequestToVisitDetail 
AddStateToDoctor	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107020002_add_state_to_doctor.rb	class AddStateToDoctor 
AddStatusToRequest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107215945_add_status_to_request.rb	class AddStatusToRequest 
AddUserToRequest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108210313_add_user_to_request.rb	class AddUserToRequest 
Application	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/application.rb	  class Application 
ApplicationController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	class ApplicationController 
ApplicationHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	module ApplicationHelper
Booster	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/application.rb	module Booster
BrowsingTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	class BrowsingTest 
CitiesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	class CitiesController 
CitiesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/cities_controller_test.rb	class CitiesControllerTest 
CitiesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/cities_helper.rb	module CitiesHelper
CitiesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/cities_helper_test.rb	class CitiesHelperTest 
City	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/city.rb	class City 
CityTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/city_test.rb	class CityTest 
CreateCities	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212123_create_cities.rb	class CreateCities 
CreateCustomers	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233037_create_customers.rb	class CreateCustomers 
CreateDoctors	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226231737_create_doctors.rb	class CreateDoctors 
CreateExpenses	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103010504_create_expenses.rb	class CreateExpenses 
CreateInstitutions	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173342_create_institutions.rb	class CreateInstitutions 
CreateMaterialCategories	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232842_create_material_categories.rb	class CreateMaterialCategories 
CreateMaterials	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232919_create_materials.rb	class CreateMaterials 
CreateRequestItems	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107184155_create_request_items.rb	class CreateRequestItems 
CreateRequests	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233107_create_requests.rb	class CreateRequests 
CreateRouteLines	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173515_create_route_lines.rb	class CreateRouteLines 
CreateRoutes	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173215_create_routes.rb	class CreateRoutes 
CreateSpecialities	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226211934_create_specialities.rb	class CreateSpecialities 
CreateStates	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212058_create_states.rb	class CreateStates 
CreateUserTypes	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212246_create_user_types.rb	class CreateUserTypes 
CreateUsers	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226004542_create_users.rb	class CreateUsers 
CreateVisitdetails	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204638_create_visitdetails.rb	class CreateVisitdetails 
CreateVisits	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204552_create_visits.rb	class CreateVisits 
Customer	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/customer.rb	class Customer 
CustomerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/customer_test.rb	class CustomerTest 
CustomersController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	class CustomersController 
CustomersControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/customers_controller_test.rb	class CustomersControllerTest 
CustomersHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/customers_helper.rb	module CustomersHelper
CustomersHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/customers_helper_test.rb	class CustomersHelperTest 
Doctor	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	class Doctor 
DoctorTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/doctor_test.rb	class DoctorTest 
DoctorsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	class DoctorsController 
DoctorsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/doctors_controller_test.rb	class DoctorsControllerTest 
DoctorsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/doctors_helper.rb	module DoctorsHelper
DoctorsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/doctors_helper_test.rb	class DoctorsHelperTest 
EmailValidator	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/email_validator.rb	class EmailValidator 
ErrorMessagesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	module ErrorMessagesHelper
Expense	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/expense.rb	class Expense 
ExpenseTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/expense_test.rb	class ExpenseTest 
ExpensesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	class ExpensesController 
ExpensesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/expenses_controller_test.rb	class ExpensesControllerTest 
ExpensesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/expenses_helper.rb	module ExpensesHelper
ExpensesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/expenses_helper_test.rb	class ExpensesHelperTest 
FormBuilderAdditions	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  module FormBuilderAdditions
HomeController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	class HomeController 
Institution	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/institution.rb	class Institution 
InstitutionTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/institution_test.rb	class InstitutionTest 
InstitutionsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	class InstitutionsController 
InstitutionsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/institutions_controller_test.rb	class InstitutionsControllerTest 
InstitutionsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/institutions_helper.rb	module InstitutionsHelper
InstitutionsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/institutions_helper_test.rb	class InstitutionsHelperTest 
LayoutHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	module LayoutHelper
Material	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/material.rb	class Material 
MaterialCategoriesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	class MaterialCategoriesController 
MaterialCategoriesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/material_categories_controller_test.rb	class MaterialCategoriesControllerTest 
MaterialCategoriesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/material_categories_helper.rb	module MaterialCategoriesHelper
MaterialCategoriesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/material_categories_helper_test.rb	class MaterialCategoriesHelperTest 
MaterialCategory	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/material_category.rb	class MaterialCategory 
MaterialCategoryTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/material_category_test.rb	class MaterialCategoryTest 
MaterialTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/material_test.rb	class MaterialTest 
MaterialsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	class MaterialsController 
MaterialsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/materials_controller_test.rb	class MaterialsControllerTest 
MaterialsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/materials_helper.rb	module MaterialsHelper
MaterialsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/materials_helper_test.rb	class MaterialsHelperTest 
Oa	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function Oa(a,b){b.src?c.ajax({url:b.src,async:false,dataType:"script"}):c.globalEval(b.text||b.textContent||b.innerHTML||"");b.parentNode&&b.parentNode.removeChild(b)}function oa(a,b,d){var e=b==="width"?a.offsetWidth:a.offsetHeight;if(d==="border")return e;c.each(b==="width"?Pa:Qa,function(){d||(e-=parseFloat(c.css(a,"padding"+this))||0);if(d==="margin")
Request	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/request.rb	class Request 
RequestItem	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/request_item.rb	class RequestItem 
RequestItemTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/request_item_test.rb	class RequestItemTest 
RequestTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/request_test.rb	class RequestTest 
RequestsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	class RequestsController 
RequestsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/requests_controller_test.rb	class RequestsControllerTest 
RequestsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/requests_helper.rb	module RequestsHelper
RequestsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/requests_helper_test.rb	class RequestsHelperTest 
Route	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/route.rb	class Route 
RouteLine	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/route_line.rb	class RouteLine 
RouteLineTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/route_line_test.rb	class RouteLineTest 
RouteLinesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	class RouteLinesController 
RouteLinesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/route_lines_controller_test.rb	class RouteLinesControllerTest 
RouteLinesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/route_lines_helper.rb	module RouteLinesHelper
RouteLinesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/route_lines_helper_test.rb	class RouteLinesHelperTest 
RouteTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/route_test.rb	class RouteTest 
RoutesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	class RoutesController 
RoutesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/routes_controller_test.rb	class RoutesControllerTest 
RoutesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/routes_helper.rb	module RoutesHelper
RoutesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/routes_helper_test.rb	class RoutesHelperTest 
S	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function S(a,b){var d={};c.each(pa.concat.apply([],pa.slice(0,b)),function(){d[this]=a});return d}function qa(a){if(!ea[a])
SecureApplicationController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/secured_controller.rb	class SecureApplicationController 
SpecialitiesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	class SpecialitiesController 
SpecialitiesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/specialities_controller_test.rb	class SpecialitiesControllerTest 
SpecialitiesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/specialities_helper.rb	module SpecialitiesHelper
SpecialitiesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/specialities_helper_test.rb	class SpecialitiesHelperTest 
Speciality	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/speciality.rb	class Speciality 
SpecialityTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/speciality_test.rb	class SpecialityTest 
State	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/state.rb	class State 
StateTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/state_test.rb	class StateTest 
StatesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	class StatesController 
StatesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/states_controller_test.rb	class StatesControllerTest 
StatesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/states_helper.rb	module StatesHelper
StatesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/states_helper_test.rb	class StatesHelperTest 
String	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb	class String
TestCase	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/test_helper.rb	class ActiveSupport::TestCase
U	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function U(){return false}function ca(){return true}function la(a,b,d){d[0].type=a;return c.event.handle.apply(b,d)}function Ka(a){var b,d,e,f,h,l,k,o,x,r,A,C=[];f=[];h=c.data(this,this.nodeType?"events":"__events__");if(typeof h==="function")
UpdateRoutelinesFields	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119020822_update_routelines_fields.rb	class UpdateRoutelinesFields 
User	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user.rb	class User 
UserSession	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user_session.rb	class UserSession 
UserSessionsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	class UserSessionsController 
UserType	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user_type.rb	class UserType 
UserTypeTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/user_type_test.rb	class UserTypeTest 
UserTypesController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	class UserTypesController 
UserTypesControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/user_types_controller_test.rb	class UserTypesControllerTest 
UserTypesHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/user_types_helper.rb	module UserTypesHelper
UserTypesHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/user_types_helper_test.rb	class UserTypesHelperTest 
UsersController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	class UsersController 
Visit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visit.rb	class Visit 
VisitTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/visit_test.rb	class VisitTest 
Visitdetail	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visitdetail.rb	class Visitdetail 
VisitdetailTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/visitdetail_test.rb	class VisitdetailTest 
VisitdetailsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/visitdetails_controller_test.rb	class VisitdetailsControllerTest 
VisitdetailsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/visitdetails_helper.rb	module VisitdetailsHelper
VisitdetailsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/visitdetails_helper_test.rb	class VisitdetailsHelperTest 
VisitsController	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	class VisitsController 
VisitsControllerTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/functional/visits_controller_test.rb	class VisitsControllerTest 
VisitsHelper	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/visits_helper.rb	module VisitsHelper
VisitsHelperTest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/unit/helpers/visits_helper_test.rb	class VisitsHelperTest 
Y	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function Y(a,b){return(a&&a!=="*"?a+".":"")
a	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function a(g,i,n,m,p,q){p=0;for(var u=m.length;p<u;p++){var y=m[p];if(y){var F=false;for(y=y[g];y;){if(y.sizcache===n){F=m[y.sizset];break}if(y.nodeType===1&&!q){y.sizcache=n;y.sizset=p}if(y.nodeName.toLowerCase()===i){F=y;break}y=y[g]}m[p]=F}}}function b(g,i,n,m,p,q){p=0;for(var u=m.length;p<u;p++){var y=m[p];if(y){var F=false;for(y=y[g];y;){if(y.sizcache===n){F=m[y.sizset];break}if(y.nodeType===1){if(!q){y.sizcache=n;y.sizset=p}if(typeof i!=="string"){if(y===i)
add_default	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def add_default(items)
addressChanged	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function addressChanged()
allowAction	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function allowAction(element)
amount_is_not_exceeded	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visitdetail.rb	  def amount_is_not_exceeded
autocomplete_doctor_full_name	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def autocomplete_doctor_full_name
buildParams	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function buildParams( prefix, obj, traditional, add )
capitalize_first	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def capitalize_first
capitalize_most_words	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def capitalize_most_words
check_account	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def check_account
click	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function click()
cloneCopyEvent	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function cloneCopyEvent(orig, ret)
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def create
create	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def create
current	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/account.rb	    def current
current=	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/account.rb	    def current=(account)
current_scoped_methods	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/account_scoped.rb	      def current_scoped_methods
current_user	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user
current_user_session	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def current_user_session
d	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function d(e){e=c.event.fix(e);e.type=b;return c.event.trigger(e,null,e.target)}c.event.special[b]={setup:function(){ua[b]++===0&&t.addEventListener(a,d,true)},teardown:function()
da	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function da(a,b,d,e){if(c.isArray(b)&&b.length)c.each(b,function(f,h){d||Ra.test(a)?e(a,h):da(a+"["+(typeof h==="object"||c.isArray(h)?f:"")+"]",h,d,e)});else if(!d&&b!=null&&typeof b==="object")c.isEmptyObject(b)?e(a,""):c.each(b,function(f,h){da(a+"["+f+"]",h,d,e)});else e(a,b)}function S(a,b){var d={};c.each(pa.concat.apply([],pa.slice(0,b)),function(){d[this]=a});return d}function qa(a){if(!ea[a])
dataAttr	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function dataAttr( elem, key, data )
defaultDisplay	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function defaultDisplay( nodeName )
delegate	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery-validation.js	function delegate(event)
deleteOverlays	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function deleteOverlays()
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def destroy
destroy	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def destroy
dirCheck	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function dirCheck( dir, cur, doneName, checkSet, nodeCheck, isXML )
dirNodeCheck	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function dirNodeCheck( dir, cur, doneName, checkSet, nodeCheck, isXML )
disableFormElements	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function disableFormElements(form)
doScrollCheck	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function doScrollCheck()
docname	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visit.rb	  attr_accessor :docname
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226004542_create_users.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226211934_create_specialities.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212058_create_states.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212123_create_cities.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212246_create_user_types.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226231737_create_doctors.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232842_create_material_categories.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232919_create_materials.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233037_create_customers.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233107_create_requests.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173215_create_routes.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173342_create_institutions.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173515_create_route_lines.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103010504_create_expenses.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103011746_add_info_to_material.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103012204_add_comments_to_doctor.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107020002_add_state_to_doctor.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107184155_create_request_items.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107215945_add_status_to_request.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204552_create_visits.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204638_create_visitdetails.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108210313_add_user_to_request.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119014509_add_institution_fields.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119020822_update_routelines_fields.rb	  def self.down
down	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110122172902_add_quantity_request_to_visit_detail.rb	  def self.down
e	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function e(l){return f.step(l)
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def edit
edit	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def edit
enableFormElements	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function enableFormElements(form)
enableShowMap	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function enableShowMap()
error_messages	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	    def error_messages(options = {})
error_messages_for	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/error_messages_helper.rb	  def error_messages_for(*objects)
errors_for	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def errors_for(object)
evalScript	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function evalScript( i, elem )
fa	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function fa(a){return c.isWindow(a)?a:a.nodeType===9?a.defaultView||a.parentWindow:false}var t=E.document,c=function(){function a(){if(!b.isReady){try{t.documentElement.doScroll("left")}catch(j){setTimeout(a,1);return}b.ready()}}var b=function(j,s){return new b.fn.init(j,s)},d=E.jQuery,e=E.$,f,h=/^(?:[^<]*(<[\w\W]+>)[^>]*$|#([\w\-]+)$)/,l=/\S/,k=/^\s+/,o=/\s+$/,x=/\W/,r=/\d/,A=/^<(\w+)\s*\/?>(?:<\/\1>)
find_autocomplete	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def self.find_autocomplete(params)
fire	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function fire(obj, name, data)
form_title	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def form_title(object, readonly=false)
full_address	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def full_address
full_address	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/institution.rb	  def full_address
full_name	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def full_name
genFx	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function genFx( type, num )
general_title	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def general_title(object, count=0)
getWH	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function getWH( elem, name, extra )
getWindow	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function getWindow( elem )
get_address	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def get_address
handle	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery-validation.js	function handle()
handleMethod	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function handleMethod(link)
handleRemote	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/rails.js	function handleRemote(element)
handler	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery-validation.js	function handler(e)
handler	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function handler( e )
import	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def import
import	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def self.import(upload)
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/home_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def index
index	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def index
initializeMap	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function initializeMap()
isDisconnected	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function isDisconnected( node )
is_admin	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def is_admin
javascript	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def javascript(*args)
ka	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function ka(a,b,d){if(d===B&&a.nodeType===1){d=a.getAttribute("data-"+b);if(typeof d==="string"){try{d=d==="true"?true:d==="false"?false:d==="null"?null:!c.isNaN(d)?parseFloat(d):Ja.test(d)?c.parseJSON(d):d}catch(e){}c.data(a,b,d)}else d=B}return d}function U(){return false}function ca(){return true}function la(a,b,d){d[0].type=a;return c.event.handle.apply(b,d)}function Ka(a){var b,d,e,f,h,l,k,o,x,r,A,C=[];f=[];h=c.data(this,this.nodeType?"events":"__events__");if(typeof h==="function")
liveConvert	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function liveConvert( type, selector )
liveHandler	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function liveHandler( event )
login_required	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def login_required
ma	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function ma(a,b,d){if(c.isFunction(b))return c.grep(a,function(f,h){return!!b.call(f,h,f)===d});else if(b.nodeType)return c.grep(a,function(f){return f===b===d});else if(typeof b==="string"){var e=c.grep(a,function(f){return f.nodeType===1});if(Na.test(b))return c.filter(b,e,!d);else b=c.filter(b,e)}return c.grep(a,function(f){return c.inArray(f,b)>=0===d})}function na(a,b){var d=0;b.each(function(){if(this.nodeName===(a[d]&&a[d].nodeName)){var e=c.data(a[d++])
markAddress	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function markAddress(address, title)
maxrequest	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visitdetail.rb	  def self.maxrequest(request_id, material_id)
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_sessions_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def new
new	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def new
normals	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user.rb	  def self.normals
oa	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function oa(a,b,d){var e=b==="width"?a.offsetWidth:a.offsetHeight;if(d==="border")return e;c.each(b==="width"?Pa:Qa,function(){d||(e-=parseFloat(c.css(a,"padding"+this))||0);if(d==="margin")
per_page	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  cattr_reader :per_page
persisted?	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user_session.rb	  def persisted?
r	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.min.js	function r()
request_id	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visitdetail.rb	  attr_accessor :request_id
request_status	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def request_status
require_no_user	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/secured_controller.rb	  def require_no_user
returnFalse	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function returnFalse()
returnTrue	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function returnTrue()
root	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function root( elem, cur )
safe_textilize	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def safe_textilize
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/expense.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/institution.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/material.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/request.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/route.rb	  def self.search(params)
search	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visit.rb	  def self.search(params)
search_address	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/doctor.rb	  def search_address
search_address	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/institution.rb	  def search_address
set_locale	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/application_controller.rb	  def set_locale
shorten	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def shorten(length, suffix="&#8230;")
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def show
show	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def show
show_title?	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def show_title?
slugorize	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def slugorize
status	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def status
strip_html	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def strip_html
stylesheet	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def stylesheet(*args)
t	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function t( gotoEnd )
testChange	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function testChange( e )
test_homepage	/home/leo/Documents/booster/test/performance/browsing_test.rb	  def test_homepage
textilize	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def textilize
textilize_without_paragraphs	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def textilize_without_paragraphs
title	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/layout_helper.rb	  def title(page_title, show_title = true)
title_case	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def title_case
tm	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def tm(object, property)
to_key	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/user_session.rb	  def to_key
trigger	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function trigger( type, elem, args )
types	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def types
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226004542_create_users.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226211934_create_specialities.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212058_create_states.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212123_create_cities.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226212246_create_user_types.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226231737_create_doctors.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232842_create_material_categories.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226232919_create_materials.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233037_create_customers.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20101226233107_create_requests.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173215_create_routes.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173342_create_institutions.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110101173515_create_route_lines.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103010504_create_expenses.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103011746_add_info_to_material.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110103012204_add_comments_to_doctor.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107020002_add_state_to_doctor.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107184155_create_request_items.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110107215945_add_status_to_request.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204552_create_visits.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108204638_create_visitdetails.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110108210313_add_user_to_request.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119014509_add_institution_fields.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110119020822_update_routelines_fields.rb	  def self.up
up	/home/leo/Documents/booster/db/migrate/20110122172902_add_quantity_request_to_visit_detail.rb	  def self.up
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/accounts_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/cities_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/customers_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/expenses_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/institutions_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/material_categories_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/materials_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/requests_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/route_lines_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/routes_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/specialities_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/states_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/user_types_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/users_controller.rb	  def update
update	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/visits_controller.rb	  def update
updateMap	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/map.js	function updateMap()
uploadFile	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/controllers/doctors_controller.rb	  def uploadFile
validate	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/request.rb	  def validate
validate	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/route.rb	  def validate
validate	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/models/visit.rb	  def validate
validate_each	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/email_validator.rb	  def validate_each(record, attribute, value)
will_paginate	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def will_paginate(collection, options = {})
winnow	/home/leo/Documents/booster/public/javascripts/jquery.js	function winnow( elements, qualifier, keep )
words_to_skip_capitalization_of	/home/leo/Documents/booster/config/initializers/string_extensions.rb		def words_to_skip_capitalization_of
write_links	/home/leo/Documents/booster/app/helpers/application_helper.rb	  def write_links(m, is_admin)
